README.md, before:

CaptureJS
=========

[![Npm version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Dependency Status][gemnasium-image]][gemnasium-url]

CaptureJS is full webpage capture command-line tool with PhantomJS.


Installation
------------

First [install PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/download.html) less than 2.0.


    $ npm install -g capturejs

Usage
-----

```
Usage: capturejs [options]

Options:
  -u, --uri <value>                URI (required)
  -o, --output <value>             Output image file (required)
  -p, --ssl-protocol <value>       Sets the SSL protocol for secure connections (default is SSLv3) (sslv3|sslv2|tlsv1|any)
  -I, --ignore-ssl-errors          Ignores SSL errors (expired/self-signed certificate errors)
  -W, --web-security               Enables web security and forbids cross-domain XHR (default is true) (true|false|yes|no)
  -s, --selector <value>           CSS selector
  -A, --user-agent <value>         UserAgent
  -J, --javascript-file <value>    Inject external script code on Web page
  -V, --viewportsize <value>       ViewPortSize {width}x{height}
  -C, --cliprect <value>           ClipRect {top}x{left}x{width}x{height} that will be rendered
  -c, --cookies-file <value>       Cookies file
  -T, --timeout <value>            HTTP Timeout (ms)
  -R, --renderdelay <value>        Render delay (ms)
  -w, --waitcapturedelay <value>   Capture delay (ms)
  -z, --zoomfactor <value>         Zoom Factor (default is 1.0, i.e. 100% zoom)

  -v, --version                    Show version number and exit
  -h, --help                       Show this message and exit
```

Quick Start
-----------

    % capturejs --uri http://phantomjs.org/ \
                --selector '.header' \
                --viewportsize 1400x1400 \
                --output 'phantomjs.org.png'

![phantomjs org](screenshots/phantomjs_org.png)

    % capturejs --uri http://phantomjs.org/ \
                --selector '.header' \
                --viewportsize 1400x1400 \
                --javascript-file ./hidelogo.js \
                --output 'phantomjs.org_hide_logo.png'

```javascript
// hidelogo.js
document.querySelector('.header img').style.visibility = 'hidden';
```

![phantomjs org_hide_logo](screenshots/phantomjs_org_hide_logo.png)

    % capturejs --uri http://phantomjs.org/ \
                --selector '.header' \
                --viewportsize 1400x1400 \
                --javascript-file ./hidelogo.js \                
                --inject-script 'document.querySelector(".header").style.background = 'red';'
                --output 'phantomjs_org_red.png'

![phantomjs org_red](screenshots/phantomjs_org_red.png)

Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2012 Kazuki Suda. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/superbrothers/capturejs.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/superbrothers/capturejs
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/capturejs.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/capturejs
[gemnasium-image]: http://img.shields.io/gemnasium/superbrothers/capturejs.svg?style=flat-square
[gemnasium-url]: https://gemnasium.com/superbrothers/capturejs

Commit message:

Update dependencies to latest versions and refactor.
Running unit tests with the original dependencies results in the error
"Error: Cannot find module 'weak'". Updating the <phantomjs-node> module
resolves this error. However, <phantomjs-node> completely changed
its API in the newer versions. Updating this dependency required a
substantial refactoring of the CaptureJS code away from callbacks to
a structure that uses promises. Also, the configuration object
no longer supports port settings though there is a PhantomJS CLI
command that can specify a proxy address and port.

All other outdated dependencies were updated to bring the entire codebase
up to date. Additionally, NPM shinkwrap is now part of the repository
in order to lock the sub-dependency tree.

See the following link for further details concerning the original error:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23571499/node-js-and-phantomjs-cannot-find-module-weak

README.md, after:

CaptureJS
=========

[![Npm version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Dependency Status][gemnasium-image]][gemnasium-url]

CaptureJS is full webpage capture command-line tool with PhantomJS.


Installation
------------

First [install PhantomJS](http://phantomjs.org/download.html) less than 2.0.


    $ npm install -g capturejs

Usage
-----

```
Usage: capturejs [options]

Options:
  -u, --uri <value>                URI (required)
  -o, --output <value>             Output image file (required)
  -p, --ssl-protocol <value>       Sets the SSL protocol for secure connections (default is SSLv3) (sslv3|sslv2|tlsv1|any)
  -I, --ignore-ssl-errors          Ignores SSL errors (expired/self-signed certificate errors)
  -W, --web-security               Enables web security and forbids cross-domain XHR (default is true) (true|false|yes|no)
  -s, --selector <value>           CSS selector
  -A, --user-agent <value>         UserAgent
  -J, --javascript-file <value>    Inject external script code from the specified file into the page
  -j, --inject-script              Inject in-line custom scripts into the page
  -V, --viewportsize <value>       ViewPortSize {width}x{height}
  -C, --cliprect <value>           ClipRect {top}x{left}x{width}x{height} that will be rendered
  -c, --cookies-file <value>       Cookies file
  -T, --timeout <value>            HTTP Timeout (ms)
  -R, --renderdelay <value>        Render delay (ms)
  -w, --waitcapturedelay <value>   Capture delay (ms)
  -z, --zoomfactor <value>         Zoom Factor (default is 1.0, i.e. 100% zoom)

  -v, --version                    Show version number and exit
  -h, --help                       Show this message and exit
```

Quick Start
-----------

    % capturejs --uri http://phantomjs.org/ \
                --selector '.header' \
                --viewportsize 1400x1400 \
                --output 'phantomjs.org.png'

![phantomjs org](screenshots/phantomjs_org.png)

    % capturejs --uri http://phantomjs.org/ \
                --selector '.header' \
                --viewportsize 1400x1400 \
                --javascript-file ./hidelogo.js \
                --output 'phantomjs.org_hide_logo.png'

```javascript
// hidelogo.js
document.querySelector('.header img').style.visibility = 'hidden';
```

![phantomjs org_hide_logo](screenshots/phantomjs_org_hide_logo.png)

    % capturejs --uri http://phantomjs.org/ \
                --selector '.header' \
                --viewportsize 1400x1400 \
                --javascript-file ./hidelogo.js \                
                --inject-script 'document.querySelector(".header").style.background = "red";' \
                --output 'phantomjs_org_red.png'

![phantomjs org_red](screenshots/phantomjs_org_red.png)

Copyright
---------

Copyright (c) 2012 Kazuki Suda. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/superbrothers/capturejs.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/superbrothers/capturejs
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/capturejs.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/capturejs
[gemnasium-image]: http://img.shields.io/gemnasium/superbrothers/capturejs.svg?style=flat-square
[gemnasium-url]: https://gemnasium.com/superbrothers/capturejs
